Dear author,

My collaborative project "24 Preludes and Fugues" has a problem.
I currently only have 18 contributions.  I have had many other
promises from writer friends, but none of these has resulted in
actual words.

So I am writing to ask if you have something that might be
included at this late stage in the project.  You will almost certainly
not have anything that fits the brief exactly, but you almost
certainly will have something that can easily be adapted to fit
the brief.

*** The book will be published on Amazon, ASAP and definitely by the
end of 2026.  It will be well-designed and look professional.  I will
supply you with a free copy but I cannot pay you for your contribution. ***

please read:

Your work can be prose or poetry, fact or fiction. It can be any
length within reason. Two short pages is a minimum. One piece is
16pages long - this is a maximum and you do not need to write this
much. It should be your own work, must not contain plagiarism nor
anything "written" by AI or contain anything defamatory.  This will
be published as part of an inclusive writers' group and we support all
marginalised areas of society.

Essential:  Your piece must split into two parts, Prelude and Fugue.
The piece as a whole must have a title.  It's up to you if you
want to give subtitles for your prelude and fugue, but I need an overall
title for the piece.  Obviously `prelude' is intended to set the
scene and `fugue' is intended to be the main story but you may
interpret this how you wish.

I would like you to focus on a mood or character trait or emotion.
This is the `key' you are writing in.  You do not need to know
anything about music. Please see the examples attached.

You almost certainly do not have something exactly like this, but
you may well have something that naturally splits into two in this way.
Or you might have two pieces that fit together well for which the
juxtaposition of the two is worthwhile and adds something.

You may consider writing something new.  That's great too, but note
the deadlines.

I want your very best work.  If it has been published before that
is OK as long as you have rights to republish and can tell me the
details.

DEADLINES:

if you are interested, please indicate your interest by 31 Aug and
send me copy by midnight 18th Sep.

send everything by email to me at sadie@sadie.org.uk
1. The title
2. The prelude
3. The fugue
4. The `key' which it is in
5. Your agreement to the rules

I will `copy and paste' your text into the final document and edit it
as appropriate.  Therefore only send me text (which could be in plain
text, word or PDF files) and not images. These edits will normally be
only minor and I email you to ask about anything that isn't trivial.

SEND ALL TEXT AND CORRESPONDENCE TO ME AT sadie@sadie.org.uk

RULES:

1. Your piece must be your own work, and does not contain plagiarism nor
anything AI generated or contain anything defamatory.  If previously
published you must have the rights to republish and should give me details.
2. You must permit me to send PDF copies of the whole book to all the
contributors for editorial work and proofreading.
3. Please supply your email address and snail mail address (neither of which
will be published unless you so wish) and a very short (max 100 words)
biography as you want it published.  Please also indicate your preferred
pronouns.
4. Please don't forget to send the `key' i.e. mood or emotion or trait that
your piece is `about'.
3. You will receive one copy gratis and the chance to buy more at cost
which you can sell on at the list price but I cannot pay you further for
your work.

FURTHER IDEAS:

To find out more, please read the attached PDF.  This contains
the contents page so far and also my introduction which says a lot more
about this project.  I have also included three pieces from me.
(I don't include the others because I don't want to send other people's
work out without permission, but when you are on board you will see these
too.)

Thank you!

Sadie

