Preludes and Fugues

Thank you for your contribution!

Some editorial notes

Minor changes

I may have made some changes to your text.  In most cases
these are minor modifications aiming to
1. bring your text closer to a house style like the others
2. fix grammatical or other minor errors
3. assist the reader where text may be ambiguous

This is not meant to change your work in any significant way.
Where I have made a minor change like this you will see
a comment such as

50c50
< pace West bound. Signs for Monmouth and the services zipped by their
---
> pace west-bound. Signs for Monmouth and the services zipped by their

This means: on line 50 I have changed the line marked with <
to the line marked with >.  In this case I have changed "West bound"
to "west-bound".  Please check all such changes and if your don't like
what I have done, please say so.  These changes are mostly negotiable.
(Some, such as incorrect use of apostrophe in its or it's are not
negotiable.)

In the text you see, you may find some unusal characters.  These
are
  ` a open quote sign
  `` open double quote
  ' close quote
  '' or " close double quote
  \= m-dash
  -- n-dash
  ~ ordinary (non-breaking) space (inter-sentence spaces are larger)
  % ignore to end  of line (and don't break a word here)
  % is sometimes used to add a comment to you explaining what I have done
They all print correctly - see the PDF

Other changes

I happy to discuss any of this and any more substatial suggestions with
you directly.  These are only my suggestions.

Final layout

I'll give you an idea of the final layout in PDF form soon. Please note,

* The order of inclusion in the volume is not yet decided.*

I am thinking that mostly I will be trying to alternate prose and
poetry.  If you have comments, wishes or requests please let me know
them.

Please note that in some cases, I still need a short biog, including
contact email/web address etc if you want that included and including
your preferred pronouns.

I have printed these pieces with the headings `Prelude.' and `Fugue.'
These headings *could* be omitted but I think they help.  Comments?

Everyone has been asked to provide adjectives or some description of
their `mood' or `key'.  Not everyone has done so.  (If you sent more
than one piece this is needed for each piece.)  Once this is done
we (as a group have to decide what to do with this.  The suggestions are

1. have this printed at the top of the piece after the title and your name
and before "Prelude."

2. have these listed at the back as an appendix.

3. don't print these at all.

Please let me have your thoughts!

Thank you once again!

Sadie x
