To:

irenapetersonpavliuk@gmail.com
laura.l.liptrot@gmail.com
ella.low1@yahoo.co.uk
jayroseana@gmail.com
fullsummerdreams@gmail.com
morganfamilyisleworth@gmail.com
archeffings@gmail.com
brendanhawthornepoet61@gmail.com
richardbruceclay@hotmail.com
brynneth@knightswood.com
neuromancertv@gmail.com
Emily.Perry@wmca.org.uk
davis.stevenc@yahoo.co.uk
luciasellars@gmail.com
sam.sutton@gmail.com


Dear all

This is quite possibly the last round-robin communication before we go to print.
And therefore this is probably the last chance to make corrections etc.

I currently have 22 pieces.  I would dearly love it to be 24.  Please? Any suggestions
anyone?  Your suggestions need not be long but should be produced quickly.
It may be perhaps something you already have (or an excerpt from) but the
prelude/fugue structure is still important.  Perhaps there's something you
have that naturally splits into two parts?  Or perhaps you have two pieces on a closely
related theme.

Please do suggest something if you can.

I am currently hoping the overall title will be "24 Preludes and Fugues".  I don't want
to have to write the last two.  I've already written more than I'd like and want other
people's work to shine.  BTW I was planning to use an image of a manuscript of Bach's
24 P+Fs as the cover.

Please would you all check everything and reply back.

Read through as much as possible of the whole volume. Do feel free to make any sort of
suggestions you want.  That is especially true for my pieces - I am happy to have comments.
But in particular this is your last chance to make any changes or corrections.  Please
do not send a new word file but limit your corrections to things like "change line YY on
page XXX to ZZZ".

Note also,

Richard :   I need a more precise title, please, to distinguish your piece from `The Border Gap'.

Emily:   Are you happy with the title I've given for these pieces as a pair?

Please read through your biography and key carefully.  I suspect there will be a lot of
changes required here.  Do look at what other people have written and bring yours into
line if necessary.

If I get 2 more pieces and confirmation from all of you the book can at last be published
quite quickly.  In 2 months perhaps, but that depends on you guys.

If I don't see you fairly regularly at poetry or other events I would like to have
a postal address from you so I can send you a copy.  I dare say there will be a way to
order further copies at cost.  I'll let you know about that when I know more.

Thank you so much!!

Sadie

